that come in but I don't understand
because I got all cursed stuck
the infamous gut of the slutty bitch
whore who the fuck is who the fuck is who
fuck is
now all guys hello welcome back to a
new clash of kent video as you can
then see what it really is
success they have finished dealing with
black barracks then I unlocked of
witches in both barracks and then
I said why he can't give a technique
or lake will we as you can see
who then has a technique here that
advice for the town hall ix to this 6
smashes the wall 22 May the two golems and 5
witches so that the fields are full of
then if you have the chance
the clan castle you can put a
another golem otherwise any other scam
or wizards or whatever you want but it would be
nice against the goblins it would be better
with three goals but sorry
Well I exposed both everything as to
usually also in every video shown
something then then the costs of this
technique
then 2150 of black considering that I have
goblins to one and one and explains
210,000 elixirs with wizards at 5 and i
smashes the walls, however, those that
they take a casino exactly
potions that I recommend if you have
four places a cure a jump in two
furies if not if you don't have the jump on
jump you do two cures if you make two furies
and a cure or three furies because
furies we say they are very important
to let the troops inside
village so no kids i go to
look for a village with good ones
resources and we get caught as soon as he finds it
then to 2 op
ok let's say guys i choose this
because it has a similar disposition to a
war village because the go technique
wii wii is recommended to use it in the
wars so then let's start right away not
I have neither me nor clan troops
oh well fotte saw anyway let's throw it
a golem here we close the notifications of
shit has blocked everything
alea but as is stuck all right if
just shocked everything we throw there
smash wall here that they come in though
I don't understand why he stopped me
all cursed the infamous gut of the
slutty whore whore fuck is who the fuck
is who the fuck is what the fuck is now sown
wine rose snot straightens up a lot
well then a nice fughetta here i
golems and they're going for their dicks
as usual we throw the witches
witches and wizards here then a nice jump here
so inside in another fury here
then king barbarian then a cure
we can throw it exactly here
they take care of the wizards and we say that maybe there is
we do it to make one hundred percent
because we have a lot of goodies
from the disposition the king the queen who
we are doing great and there is a
magician who died wherever he is anyway
let's say the barbarian king is doing it
around, the wizards survived
we always have a good golem has happened
a bit of a mess as usual but in
every video always happens some casino
bitch
we activate the ability of the barbarian king and among
little also that of the Reggina
that is now so little the shit test
well anyway the witches guys are
really strong ie I advise him to
all of them doing because they really are one
important thing however we look out
a 100 percent even with the disaster
what happens the damn notifications I have to
remember to remove the damned
fucking damn fucking fucking
now you golems and how they are immortal ie
really an awesome thing
that is 100 percent assured a good
village because in the end it was a th 9
without strings, however, done fairly well
pretty well with fairly strong walls
so it is a good technique that is one
good technique we did 100 for
also the Czech disaster is a hundred
notifications arrive , the
phone there's an awesome thing
in fact, as you can see, we don't have
made so much loot though as one
technique to be used in war ie fuck saw
I got spoiled but for
you guys we did this other
a nice 3 star then attack
spectacular with notifications arrive
now the dog's troops among others
so if you want other techniques
write me below in the movements left
a nice thumb let's try to overcome
70 I like and we get next
video on TV to watch videos of yesterday
the other morning everything